baby brother you got a big aside I want
a lawyer
you and I both all those days are gone
you have a choice to make work for me or
why not like your father we don't have
much time they're protecting us from
anarchy tell our friends down below they
got our full operational support Paul
Matty peace it's a lie they don't take
everything
what do you want me to do long as we
fight back we got a chance
facing a full-blown insurgency known as
Phoenix then that works communicate
they're planning something big
the team goes tonight you ready no one
gets taken alive hello Gabriel you have
a job to do I've got to play I have
faith in you light a match
ignite a wall I can take the risk get
back to the way that things used to be
it's like I said those days are gone
[Music]